<!-- What are the advantages of Bootstrap?

1. Easy initiation
Coding is a hurricane task for a person who is unbeknownst to web development. But the greatest use of Bootstrap in web development is it makes coding hassle-free. Bootstrap handles everything for you. Despite having no extensive knowledge of coding, one can design an enticing landing page using Bootstrap. The only criterion is to have moderate experience of CSS and HTML. Alongside this, the integration process of Bootstrap is easy on existing and newer websites. In your current CSS, you can incorporate diverse platforms, frameworks, elements of Bootstrap without any hassles.
2. Responsiveness
Statistics highlight over 6.4 billion smartphone users worldwide. This study infers smartphone penetration of over 80 percent. And the numbers do not stop here; in fact, they are rising rapidly. Due to this extensive demand, having a mobile-responsive website has become a prerequisite, and this task is a cakewalk with Bootstrap by your side. It has a fluid grid layout, which adapts as per the screen resolution.
3. Highly customizable
You can find an array of templates in Bootstrap. However, if you find them unappealing, you can concoct your customization using the CSS file. Besides, if you cannot spare time to start everything from scratch, you can blend the customization with the existing code and enhance the functionality. All this can be undertaken under the customization page.
4. Extremely user-centric
While creating landing pages, it is very important to design from the user’s point of view. If a landing page is engaging, only then does it appeal to the audience. One of the prominent advantages of Bootstrap is you can design landing pages complementing the audience’s requirements. It comes up with suggestions regarding elements like photos, Call-to-actions (CTA) that look best for your audience and enhance user experience. Moreover, it helps in making easy edits to the landing page elements for reaching out to more audiences. 
5. Top-notch support
When using Bootstrap, the only requirement is basic knowledge of coding. However, as a newbie, you might come across an array of problems. It might lead to hesitancy when using Bootstrap. To overcome this problem, Bootstrap comes with a huge support community. Having a support community is a blessing in disguise when using any technology. You get answers to every query. You share the query, and the community will actively help in solving it. 
Besides, the creators are always on their toes updating Bootstrap to offer a better experience to the users. With this, you can always avail the best assistance in every circumstance.
6.Cross-browser compatibility
Every user is different, and so is their device. Along with the device, they use varied browsers too. Bootstrap is compatible with the latest versions of all modern browsers and platforms. One of the biggest advantages of using Bootstrap is compatibility across browsers. With Bootstrap by your side, heave a sigh of relief when it comes to displaying your landing page across multiple browsers. Its compatibility with Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Internet Explorer makes it more versatile. 
7. JavaScript plugins to your rescue
To make the pages more interactive, one needs elements, like sliders, drop-down menus, tabs, etc. The hunt begins to find complementing plugins to include these elements. But with Bootstrap by your side, you can easily incorporate these components as numerous JavaScript plugins are bundled in the Bootstrap package. Also, adding these functionalities is easy as you just need to write a few lines of code and you are all set. Moreover, with the customization option, you have the liberty to choose particular plugins, helping to maintain minimize file size. 
8. Far-reaching popularity
The most crucial advantage of using Bootstrap is its widespread presence. A multinational and global company like Apple utilizes Bootstrap for its Apple Maps and Apple Music web apps. Not just this, but Dropbox, Coursera, and Airbnb have acknowledged the prowess of Bootstrap and are using it to maintain robustness.
9. Ample documentation
When using a framework, the support from the community is priceless, but some prefer referring to written notes. Fortunately, Bootstrap satiates this requirement by providing easy-to-read and efficient documentation on the Bootstrap website. The framework is easy, and the documentation makes it easier to work on UI designing.
10. Updates at the doorstep
Staying updated is the core of any technology. The same thumb rule applies to Bootstrap, which is fully attuned. Its core developers constantly keep the framework updated. They keep a close eye on future web requirements and make changes accordingly. Whenever there is a new update, Bootstrap considers the users to get hold of the latest and most advanced technology available in the industry.
Q-2: What is a Bootstrap Container, and how does it work?
Ans: Containers are the most basic layout element in Bootstrap and are required when using our default grid system,
     Containers are used to contain, pad, and (sometimes) center the content within them.

     there are three different containers:
     1-container, which sets a max-width at each responsive breakpoint
     2-container-fluid, which is width: 100% at all breakpoints
     3-container-{breakpoint}, which is width: 100% until the specified breakpoint.


Q-3: What are the default Bootstrap text settings? 
Ans: Bootstrap 5 uses a default font-size of 1rem (16px by default), and its line-height is 1.5.
     The default font-family is "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif.
     All <p> elements have margin-top: 0 and margin-bottom: 1rem (16px by default).


Q-4: What do you know about the Bootstrap Grid System?
Ans: Bootstrap’s grid system uses a series of containers, rows, and columns to layout and align content.
     It’s built with flexbox and is fully responsive.


Q-5: What is the difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5?
Ans: 1.The File Size, when compared with Bootstrap 4, they reduced the file size of Bootstrap 5 to load the components faster.
     2.System	Bootstrap 4 has five levels: xs, sm, md, lg, and xl. and Bootstrap 5 has six levels: xs, sm, md, lg, xl, and xxl.
     3.Bootstrap 4 includes jquery and all associated plug-ins. and Jquery has been deleted and replaced with vanilla JS and several functional plug-ins in Bootstrap 5.
     4.Bootstrap 4 is compatible with both Internet Explorer 10 and 11. and Bootstrap 5 does not support Internet Explorer 10 and 11.
     5.Bootstrap 4 uses fewer CSS properties. and Bootstrap 5 uses more CSS properties.
     6.There is no off-canvas element. and The offcanvas component is now available.


Q-6: What is a Button Group, and what is the class for a basic Button Group?
Ans: Button groups allow multiple buttons to be stacked together on a single line. This is useful when you want to place items like alignment buttons together.
     ".btn-" class is used for a basic button group. 


Q-7: How can you use Bootstrap to make thumbnails?
Ans: By using an <a> tag with the class of ".thumbnail" around an image.This adds four pixels of padding and a gray border.On hover, an animated glow outlines the image.


Q-8: In Bootstrap 4, what is flexbox?
Ans: In Bootstrap 4, flex box is used to control the layout and alignment specification of Bootstrap 4 components.
     This box makes it easier to design flexible responsive layout structures without using float or positioning attributes.


Q-9: How can one create an alert in Bootstrap?
Ans: Alerts are created with the ".alert class",for Ex.- ".alert-success", ".alert-info", ".alert-warning" or ".alert-danger". 


Q-10: What is a bootstrap card and how would you create one?
Ans: A card in Bootstrap is a bordered box with some padding around its content. It includes options for headers, footers, content, colors, etc.
     A card is created with the ".card" class, and content inside the card has a ".card-body" class.	 -->
